it's an article of faith in Israel that
its Army is the most moral in the world
but this footage of Israeli soldiers
suggests anything but here Soldiers film
themselves bragging about the loot
they've
seized this man says he's taking this
jewelry home to his girlfriend also in
Gaza a soldier trashes a shop in jabalia
refugee
[Music]
camp in refugee camp in the occupied
West Bank a soldier smokes and mocks a
Palestinian detainees the Israeli Army
says it will investigate the videos but
almost every day more emerge often shot
by the soldiers themselves in the
occupied West Bank we don't have to go
far to find examples of Israeli forces
looting the properties they search
Yousef amra's house was raided in early
December the soldiers haven't left much
intact they forced him to open his safe
and then stole the contents worth about
10,000
I reported the theft to the Civil
Authorities and the official there told
me that they would investigate the
matter and try to recover the stolen
items I hope for a positive outcome
however what I value more than the money
is
gone and what he values more than money
is his children's future one of his sons
was killed in the raid a keen Sportsman
who will never use the gym the family
built up over
years even here in the center of rala
Israeli soldiers raided this shop and
stole two iPhones according to the
owners since October the 7th the
israelies have mounted several raids a
day across the occupied West Bank and
increasingly we are hearing of Israeli
soldiers looting Palestinian property
now the Palestinians here in the
occupied West Bank come under Israeli
military rule the Israeli military says
it is investigating the incident but if
you speak to people here they'll tell
you that they're not confident that that
will either change or find anything
Imran Khan aler
ramolo make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer